With the basics about routings set of hands or application of but by going back to the app marshal and
adding some other routes to it let's say that besides our users route here we also want to be able to
load a single user so to load the user component which simply well it gives us that single user for
that we might want to load a user dynamically because if we have a look at our users component we see
we get free users with different IDs.
So be nice if we could pass the idea of the user we want to load in that route path.
One approach would be to set up a route with User 1 and then one with users.
Q And doesn't look very optimal because it's not very dynamic and still how would we know inside of
this component.
Which route was loaded.
Okay we could parse the path manually but that's not really a great approach.
Instead we can add parameters to our routes dynamic segments in our pauvres.
We do it just by adding a colon and then any name you like like for example ID you will later be able
to retrieve the parameter inside of the loaded component by the name you specify here.
So by ID in this case and the colon simply touts angler that this is a dynamic part of the path.
Without Colan only routes which are a user slash ID end with ID I literally mean the word ID would lead
to this component with a colon user slash.
Anything else would load this component and anything else would be interpreted as the ID.
Now with this place we are able to load a component the user component with this dynamic piece sent
to it.
So if we have a look to this user component where at this user one component here we simply say user
with ID and now we have a dummy text you're loaded and username with some damning text here.
Now for now we won't touch this.
We won't use this parameter.
We will do this next lecture.
Let's now see if we successfully reach this.
So if we save this to recompile and we go back we are end users.
Let's add slash something here.
And you see the single user component was loaded the same.
If we add slash 1 here.
So this thing the segment after slash users is indeed interpreted as dynamic.
Otherwise we would get the error that users slash One is the unknown route.
It isn't because we set it up to be a known one because again we added this dynamic POF segment here.
It is how we can dynamically load some route how we can encode some data into our path.
How can we get access to the data in the loaded component.
Because that of course is another key question.
Let's take a closer look in the next lecture